SAT ACADEMY
Attempted to establish a partnership but found they did not provide accessibility services.  Revisiting partnership and working with them to provide accessibility services.  Working with staff member internally to determine their status.  Will reach out to Chad Ludwig, President at OAD to assist them with compliance.

ADVOCACY
Sat Acad partnership is secondary.Mainly a way to open educational opportunities for Deaf youth in Portland and connect us to other organizations and advocates in the Deaf community.  

SURVEY
Program must reflect needs of community we are serving. Need to project accurate numbers of who will attend workshops for grants.  Send promo for ASL jam and dry run of workshops along with survey.

Candidates to ask to "Represent" CymaSpace to the Deaf Community

Phillip Wolfe - Myles to contact
Lisa Hastings
Jim Celestine

Mandy Hayes - Gray to contact

Websites to post survey
OAD 
FB
SWCDHH



WORKSHOP DRYRUN
Schedule a few short workshops so as to establish a track record and gain feedback about program.  Practice registration, surveys, evaluations, data collection and entry, financials, get video for marketing.  Need to prove we can effectively run a program in order to get funding and be seen as legitimate.  Need to test our evaluations to see if they are realistic, effective, and not a bureaucratic burden as we need to show we are reaching stated goals and benefiting the communities we are serving.
What are you willing to assist with besides instructing a course?
 
PROGRAM STRUCTURE
Creating evaluations, program standards and guides, forms, revenue model
Class coordination (registration, enrollment, class rosters, scheduling, responding to parent emails)
Evaluations, surveys, archiving stories/testimonials from students/parents and class products e.g. ASL videos or Cymatic paintings, data entry and analysis
Legal (liability, background checks)
Marketing (video, flyers, brochures, social media, Craigslist, CymaSpace website)

OUTREACH
Establishing partnerships, coordinating efforts with partners, sharing data
Grants
Sponsorship
Financials/budget
Volunteer coordination
How much time can you realistically commit?
Send Eric resumes (have Scott’s), letter of commitment, equipment and labor needs